Who's is the Daily Gemini?
>> Got the Daily Gemini. Amar,
>> that's a fun one.
>> What? This is going to be another
business pitch, too.
>> I'm pitching my newspaper. So,
>> the Daily
>> I just expect Amar to publish this every
day.
>> Yeah, that is true. I would love that.
Yeah. So, now you can actually give it
any sort of news item. It's going to use
Google search and then uh both find the
uh kind of topical news for you around
it and then illustrate it as well. So I
can say nano banana pro.
>> Oh,
>> and so let's see. It's gonna
>> What is this spinner right there?
>> Yeah, it's uh it's consulting the wires
and developing place. No idea why it
chose that, but it's kind of
>> I like the little spinning.
>> I always love when it has contextual
details like that. News comes on the
wire.
>> Uh there's one thing I do want to Oh,
yeah, that makes sense.
>> There's one thing I do want to point out
here. I'm offering my product for free
right there. You can see it on screen.
Congratulations. Yeah, thank you.
Burning TV.
>> I love it.
>> And wait, so this is going to generate a
whole newspaper.
>> So it actually is picked up from blogs
and things that have gone online today.
>> So cool.
>> Um, and then added some illustrations.
So Google has officially launched Pro
state-of-the-art image generation model
uh by powered by the advanced shiite 3
pro system. And so this is actually
powered by all the blogs. Uh, and then
we can edit any of these photos as well.
So, we can say, um, show the Google
office covered in bananas.
>> Amari, you know what? I want to make a
quick comment. Um, every time I see you
show one of these demos, uh, it's so
impressive. And then I realize this is
why you're not delivering on my feature
request because I'm like, how did you
have time to build this? Uh, you know,
everything else going on.
>> No, but the reason we had time to build
this is because
>> because
I work so hard. That's true. That's
true.
>> The trick is to work on the product, you
know, and then and then you're just
doing this all day. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
This is awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,
that's Oh,
>> wait. Wait. It was yellow. Just added
more.
>> Oh, wow. Okay. I didn't even expect
that.
>> Wow.
>> How is it doing that? No idea what's
doing that.
>> When you hover over it, it makes it
colored.
>> Part of the prompt.
>> All right. This is a good one.
>> That's pretty good. Is
>> this in the gallery? This is not in the
gallery last night.